== DESCRIPTION

iMp3 is an application for batch processing and fixing common issues when dealing with a large iTunes library

== REQUIREMENTS

Mac OS X 10.6
iTunes 9

== SYNOPSIS

  Application for batch processing and fixing common issues when dealing with a large iTunes library

  Commands:
    fix genres           Tags all tracks genres using last.fm
    fix misspelled-artists Fixes misspelled artist names
    help                 Display global or [command] help documentation.
    stats genres         Lists all genres tagged in iTunes

  Global Options:
    -h, --help           Display help documentation
    -v, --version        Display version information
    -t, --trace          Display backtrace when an error occurs

== FEATURES

$ imp3 fix misspelled-artists
Misspelled artist name scan complete.

What is the correct artist name for L'Antietam
1. L'Antietam
2. L'antietam
3. (Skip)
?  1
Tagging track 851744AFF27C75D1 with artist name 'L'Antietam'

177 artists.
1479 tracks.
1 tracks tagged.
0 requests.
0 errors.

$ imp3 stats genres

+-------------------+--------+
| Genre             | Tracks |
+-------------------+--------+
| screamo           | 398    |
| post-rock         | 252    |
| hardcore          | 116    |
| post-hardcore     | 81     |
| sludge            | 72     |
| indie             | 67     |
| rock              | 58     |
| math-rock         | 44     |
| thrashcore        | 38     |
| emo               | 36     |
| electronic        | 33     |
| crust             | 32     |
| mathcore          | 29     |
| post-metal        | 26     |
| metalcore         | 23     |
| singer-songwriter | 21     |
| punk              | 21     |
| grindcore         | 21     |
| crustcore         | 15     |
| ska               | 11     |
| indie-rock        | 11     |
| deathcore         | 10     |
| black-metal       | 9      |
| experimental      | 8      |
| ambient           | 7      |
| emo-violence      | 6      |
| death-metal       | 5      |
| pop-punk          | 5      |
| swedish           | 3      |
| psychedelic       | 3      |
| pop               | 2      |
| polish            | 2      |
| punk-rock         | 1      |
| acoustic          | 1      |
| post-punk         | 1      |
+-------------------+--------+

== TODO

* Fix misspelled album names
* Cache last.fm requests/already tagged/skipped tracks
* Fix track names (lowercased)
* Fetch album art
* Cross-platform support
* (your feature request here)
* ...

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2010 Víctor Martínez. See LICENSE for details.